So in this case, the data that we've actually loaded is just
from an actual list that we've created in Python,
but more normally what we want to do is actually load data from some other sources.
One of the most common sources is to actually load data from S3.
So let's go ahead and practice loading data from an S3 bucket.
You go ahead and specify a path and for S3,
it looks just like a file system or URL,
except instead of something like HTTP,
you would actually just do S3N and that's a specific protocol that S3 uses.
Then you specify the location of the bucket.
Now, you can use the bucket that we've set up for this course which
is known as Sparkify and it'll be the same for every single person.
We've already pre-loaded some data and they're called Sparkify log small.
That's the same JSON data set that you used in Lesson 2.
So if you go ahead and do that,
that will just create a nice object that we can refer to.
Then from there, the command to actually read in that
JSON is the same as if you had used a local system.
So again, let's copy over some of those same commands that we would have used otherwise,
and what we'll see is that this will go ahead and
run the job to actually pull the data from our S3 bucket,
and we'll go ahead and persist that data locally or onto the cluster,
not locally but onto the actual Spark cluster that we have.
Just for the sake of double-checking it,
we'll output the first five data points from that data set.
As we can see, this is the data it's not in the best form for reading,
but this is in fact the data that we would expect.
So the first row shows that first user,
Kenneth, listening to Showaddywaddy.
So that's how to load data from S3.
It's relatively simple.
Let's actually go ahead and look at what the S3 data looks like.
So within S3, S3 is actually a separate service that you would use outside of Amazon EMR.
If we look at the S3,
you can get to that a lot of different ways,
but the best way is just type S3 and that will pull up the S3.
Now, within S3 you'll see a number of different buckets.
Buckets are a lot like folders in the file system and they operate in much the same way.
You'll probably have two separate buckets that correspond to the logs,
and as mentioned before,
this is where your actual notebooks are being stored.
So if you've got several notebooks you might see
a lot of them with random strings for what they're called.
If you actually look at one at any one of these you'll get more intuitive names for them.
But if we go back,
you'll actually be able to see that this is the Sparkify data set that I've set up.
Again, it just has a few small logs in here.
You can see this data and you can actually use this browser to view
some of the data so you could actually open it in the web browser,
and you could actually look at the data in its raw form live there.
You can also, with the S3 view,
download the data, or download it in a different format.
Let's say you want to download it as
a zipped file and you can also conveniently copy this path.
So if you ever decided you wanted to look at a different bucket or a different thing,
you could just copy the path there,
and then go back to your cluster and change this URL.
So in this case,
I've just copied the same thing.
So it's relatively boring.
Let me go and get a different file to show that this actually works.
Go again here, copy this path,
go back to my path here,
and you'll note here that it doesn't actually put the in protocol.
It's much faster if you put that in afterwards,
that's esoteric detail that we can go into more detail in the classroom,
but that'll make your job actually run faster.
So if you rerun this again,
it'll pull this data.
This is just a much larger file but it has
the exact same form so you can see everything's working as expected.